---
title: 'Are we too complex for mere words and spoken language?'
author: 'By: Adam'
---

One of the miracles of modern life is the abundance of ways that one can express themselves. Nowadays, you can express yourself in many, many ways. You can materialize and manifest your intentions and feelings through art, you can shout at the top of your lungs about how you feel through music (although, that isn't really exclusive to the modern day and age), you can make people experience what you're experiencing (to an extent) through games. And many, many more. All of these channels of expressing oneself, for what they're worth, do a pretty great job of letting us express our emotions and feelings through several mediums. Yet, with all of these channels of expression, and now with the ability to express oneself better than ever before. Do we really need to use spoken language for anything but communicating basic meaning and intention? I mean, other mediums do a way better job of expressing more complex and deep emotions, we can leave those to said mediums. 

And, that argument isn't totally wrong. Newer channels of expression do a way better job of expressing more complex emotions than spoken language. After all, there are many variables and elements that can influence the interpretation of spoken language. But, humans as a society and as a species have evolved as civilization has evolved to understand spoken language better. Slang is an evolution of spoken language that aims to make it a bit more robust and a specific way of expressing a specific emotion or feeling. 

This isn't to say spoken language will become obsolete or that it will phase out of our lives. However, I do believe that there will be other forms of communication meant to try and help people communicate better without the limitations and flaws of spoken language in the future. For now, we understand spoken language enough to be able to convey a wide range of emotions. But sooner or later, someone is going to notice the flaws in spoken language, and who knows what their solution might be?

If you've read this far, thanks. Thanks an awful lot for taking the time to read what we hope is the first post of many on Sence. As this is the first post (and also the first version of the website) things might be a bit basic or empty, but we intend to add much more functionality to the website. For now, any feedback can be sent to feedback@sence.club. Thank you so much!